docs: add identity line (x=y diagonal) example to rule mark docs (#3969)
vega/altair: doc/user_guide/marks/rule.rst

        y="min(Horsepower)",
        y2="max(Horsepower)",
    )

Diagonal Line
^^^^^^^^^^^^^
By using ``alt.value`` with the special ``'width'`` and ``'height'`` signals, you can draw a diagonal line that spans the full extent of the chart from corner to corner.

.. altair-plot::
    import altair as alt
    from altair.datasets import data

    source = data.cars()

    points = alt.Chart(source).mark_circle(size=60).encode(
        x=alt.X("Horsepower:Q"),
        y=alt.Y("Miles_per_Gallon:Q"),
    )

    diagonal = alt.Chart().mark_rule(strokeDash=[4, 4]).encode(
        x=alt.value(0),
        y=alt.value("height"),
        x2=alt.value("width"),
        y2=alt.value(0),
    )

    (points + diagonal).interactive()

Identity Line (x=y)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> When comparing two variables on the same scale (e.g. predicted vs actual values), you can draw a true identity line using ``alt.expr`` with scale expressions. This line stays on x=y even when zooming and panning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When comparing two related variables (e.g. predicted vs actual values), drawing a line representing a perfect relationship (i.e. x=y) can facilitate comparisons between the variables. In contrast to the diagonal line above that was drawn in pixel space, we know need to draw the line in data space. Therefore we use ``alt.datum`` together with ``alt.expr``. If our chart is static, we could simply put in values for the line manually, but if we want to draw an identiy line that is robust to zooming and panning, we can instead compute the line dynamically using the ``domain`` expression, so that each time the range of the x or y domain changes, the line is redrawn.
```

.. altair-plot::
    import altair as alt
    import pandas as pd
    import numpy as np

    rng = np.random.RandomState(42)
    actual = rng.uniform(10, 90, 50)

>     predicted = actual + rng.normal(0, 8, 50)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    predicted = actual + rng.normal(0, 12, 50)
```

Just to make the max value different between the axes to further emphasize that the line doesn't go from corner to corner
